# dropshipping-romania-avex
Importer and Supplier in the Dropshipping system. B2B platform, importer prices. Create your own WooCommerce online shop in a few minutes, without any physical stock.

Description

WHAT IS THE AVEX DROPSHIPPING SERVICE?

Dropshipping is a business model that allows you to have all AVEX stocks at your disposal without having to invest a single cent.

Benefits:

* You don't need to accumulate stock or invest in stock. Thousands of AVEX products will become your stock.
* We do the preparation for orders and packaging, we become your logistics operator.
* We handle direct delivery to the end customer, and ship with your name so your customers associate their orders with your store.
* We offer options to synchronize prices and stocks with your platform in .csv format

WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW BEFORE STARTING COLLABORATION IN A DROPSHIPPING SYSTEM WITH AVEX.ro

What will you do next:

* Although you don't need to invest in inventory, you still need to have some cash that you can use to pay your purchase invoices until you collect your refunds from the courier.
* To keep in constant contact with your customers both for delivery and if it is about return or warranty (Avex will not contact your customers in any way)
* You process the order from your website and place it on Avex so that we can prepare it. (Check stock on Avex first if it's not automatically synced with your platform)
* You generate the AWB in the courier app for your customer and upload it alongside the order placed on Avex (Avex will not generate AWBs for your customers)
* You invoice the goods to your customer and send the invoice by email (Avex will invoice you the ordered goods within a few minutes of the order and you will find it in the customer account to be able to upload it to the management. Avex does not issue invoices directly to your customers)
* You collect the money in your account from the courier for the delivered parcels (Avex will not collect the money from the courier for you)
* You pay the counter value of the invoices issued by Avex and upload the payments to the "Financial" section of your account. (When the amount loaded in the wallet reaches zero, no more orders can be placed until another payment is loaded into the platform)

What AVEX does:

* Prepare the goods for your customer in cardboard boxes or foil bags without our company logo so that your customers associate their orders with your store and not with AVEX, except for the importer labels applied individually to each product, a mandatory condition for any importer from the EU
* Apply the AWB to the parcel (the AWB generated by you and uploaded alongside the order placed on Avex)
* Generates the tax invoice and uploads it to the customer account so you can download and upload it to accounting/management. When the invoice is generated, you will be notified automatically by email
* Generates the cancellation invoice if the shipped package was not picked up by the recipient and returned to Avex. You will receive an email notification about this aspect and a cancellation invoice for the product/products in the package. The value of the canceled invoice can be used to place the following orders on Avex

In other words:

You deal entirely with your customers, and Avex packs and ships the goods to them, after which it generates the tax invoice for the ordered products that you will find in the customer account, next to the order.

Installation

1. Upload the Dropshipping Romania Avex plugin folder to the /wp-content/plugins/ directory
2. Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress
3. Configure the plugin
4. Log in to the API
5. Enjoy
